Integrator
	- Moon gravity
	- Constant thrust
	- Initial velocity due to rotation
	- Fuel flow
	- moves instantly to commanded angle
	- Thrust control

First I'm going to make an integrator for just gravity, then do plots of the orbit.
Then I make an integrator for a constant thrust rocket and test a short deceleration under gravity.

09/20/2023
	I wonder if group components have a compute, or what the behavior of the subsystems are. Currently I am creating a group which has both radial rate and alpha query connected, and we will take it from there. I don't think it will work, since my inputs and outputs are such a mess. I wonder how I should handle inputs of parameters, which would go to all blocks (i.e. mu, r0, v_e, etc.)
	For some reason OpenMDAO makes every input an ndarray.
	Can I create an IndepVarComp for all params?
	I think I will be at 2h required tomorrow

09/23/2023
	I will have to write documentation and organize inputs/outputs with prefixes at some point. For now I will plot all t-dependent values, then connect it to the integrator, then plot all the intermediate values.
	I feel like OpenMDAO provides a way to plot multiple calls. Will look into it after plotting my debugging stuff.
	Found a way to plot from cases.
	I think the integrator will be weird, not sure if it will become messed up with what I'm doing.
	I have decided that the rdot and tgo loop will be a group contained within an explicit component. It will not be visible if I call n2 for debugging, but it is the simplest way I currently know. The setup will create the groups and the compute will handle the calculation timing.
	The radial control component could actually handle itself in terms of evaluating or not, but I will need an encapsulating explicit component when I introduce Tgo. I will then add a bypass to the encapsulation instead and evaluate the model when necessary.
	Find a way to automate selecting variables.
	problem.model.list_inputs/list_outputs
	locals()
	or just use dictionaries.
09/24/23
	I am going to have to add the thing where the attitude is maintained in the last 10 seconds to prevent the program from going singular and exploding.
	Put thing into integrator, currently returning very strange results, likely due to the time selected not being monotonic. Will instead give the integrator the pitch query to sample infinitely while stopping integration at every major loop iteration of the guidance.
09/26/23
	Sqlite recorder seems to be slow and I can't find any easy documentation for speeding up the recorder. I might just use pandas or numpy instead for recording data between each iteration.